okay continuing on this um route um we
talked to that guy he said um Venus we
need a second hm to scale I'm the rocky
wall thing but let's battle this person
okay after that a good thing I my bucket
with me cuz i can use rock smash on this
rock and get the TM for areas skin Boyd
okay and I don't think anyone else
besides superhawk can learn it so that's
a drag well in here um here's dr. flip
and I think footstep yeah oh yeah he
demonstrates by looking at footprints he
can understand feelings and stuff about
the first plug one in the party which is
kinda good in a way and bad in a way the
way it's good in a way is if you like
happiness and then the way to bag I
don't know I just probably made up the
bad part um let's see it's switched
what's up she switched this shadow he
hasn't got much action or leave it so
yeah I'm pretty sure this Fishman has a
gyarados
okay then um well I don't think this
fisherman battles you know he just talks
about the fancy smashy restaurant and
all that weird jazz we don't need um up
here um I water-type use yourself let's
switch tum saw man now switch there we
go that's good i'm switching back to
rocky road this one has like a shell
else's i believe
okay first off um lucky Roland ancient
power and I powder if you don't see and
second off that was a ripoff he poked it
always for winning wow this is a trainer
has a bee bell and hopefully it'll have
better um money's winnings you know
wow surprising you that be bill no surf
a shock okay I'm gonna hop on my back
heal faster speed oh yeah we want less
speed up to say kickin okay and then
down here I believe is a honey tree wow
I ran into a float soul and nothing gave
her pretty decent experience you ask me
oh yeah there's this hall leading to
Pistorius today yes we finally made it
here there's a great Marsh there's a lot
of other stuff that we were very related